					SAP BUILD - BETA VERSION
					########################

						TERMS OF USE
						############

Please scroll down and read the following Terms of Use carefully. This is a legal
agreement ("Agreement") between you and SAP SE, Dietmar Hopp-Allee 16, D-69190 Walldorf,
Germany ("SAP"), which provides the terms of your use of the SAP BUILD cloud service
- Beta Version ("Service"). By clicking "I Accept", "I Agree", or by using the Service,
you are agreeing to all of the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement. If You do
not agree to these terms, do not click "accept," or "agree," and do not use the Service. 

	1) Definitions: 
		a) "Account Holder" means a person or entity that registers and opens and account
		to use the Service. 
		b) "Affiliate" means any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is
		controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. "Control," for
		purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more
		than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity. 
		c) "Feedback" means any (i) answers provided by a Guest Participant in response
		to questions posed by an Account Holder with respect to a UI Design, (ii)
		comments, suggestions or ideas provided by a Guest Participant to an Account
		Holder with respect to a UI Design.
		d) "Guest Participant" means an individual or entity that has been invited by an
		Account Holder or a User to view and/or provide feedback on a UI Design created by
		such Account Holder or User.
		e) "Malicious Code" means viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses and other
		harmful or malicious code, files, scripts, agents or programs. 
		f) "SAP," "We," "Us" or "Our" refers to SAP SE, for and on behalf of itself and
		its subsidiaries and affiliates as defined in Section 15 German Stock Corporation
		Act. 
		g) "Third-Party Applications" means online, Web-based applications and offline
		software products that are provided by third parties, which interoperate with 
		the Service. 
		h) "UI Design" means a prototype user interface design created by a User using
		the Service, including the program code generated by the Service underlying the
		UI Design. 
		i) "User" means an Account Holder or any person who is authorized by an Account
		Holder to use the Service under the Account Holder's account.
		j) "User Content" means all images, electronic data or information uploaded by
		You into the Service.  
		k) "You" or "Your" means you or the company or other legal entity for which you 
		are accepting this Agreement, and Affiliates of that company or entity.
 
	2) Use of Service as an Account Holder or User
		a) License.  Subject to the terms, conditions and limitations stated in this
		Agreement, SAP grants You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, 
		non-sublicensable, revocable, limited license to use the Service to: (i) design
		and generate a UI Design; (ii) share Your UI Design with Guest Participants; (iii)
		solicit and review feedback on Your UI Design from Your Guest Participants. You
		are not permitted to use the Service for any purpose other than as expressly
		permitted under this Agreement. SAP may audit Your use of the Service.   
		b) Your Responsibilities. You shall (i) be responsible for Your compliance 
		with this Agreement, including any Users under Your account if You are an Account
		Holder, (ii) be solely responsible for the (A) accuracy, quality, integrity and 
		legality of Your use of the User Content and of the means by which You acquired 
		Your User Content, and (B) the legality of your use of Third-Party Applications
		with the Service or any UI Design, (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to
		prevent unauthorized access to or use of the Service, and notify Us promptly 
		of any such unauthorized access or use, and (iv) use the Service only in
		accordance with applicable laws and government regulations.  You shall not (i)
		make the Service available to any person or entity other than Users or Guest
		Participants, (ii) sell, resell, rent or lease the Service,(iii) use the Service
		to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or tortious
		material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party privacy or
		confidentiality rights, (iv) use the Service to store or transmit Malicious Code,
		(v) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the Service or
		third-party data contained therein, or (vi) attempt to gain unauthorized access to
		the Service or their related systems or networks. 
		c) Indemnity.  You acknowledge that any Feedback that you receive from Guest
		Participants is solely the responsibility of the Guest Participant and that SAP
		shall have no liability for any Feedback that You receive from Guest Participants.
		You agree to indemnify SAP, its Affiliates and their respective officers,
		directors, employees and agents against any claims or disputes with respect to
		(i) any Feedback you receive, including any claims against SAP by Guest
		Participants with respect to any Feedback they have provided to You; (ii) any
		dispute with a Guest Participant with respect to the Your use of the Guest
		Participant's personal information; (iii) any claim that your use of User Content
		or Third-Party Applications violates any contractual or intellectual property
		rights of any third party; and (iv) Your breach of this Agreement.    
		d) Content Migration. You are responsible for migrating any User Content,
		Third-Party Applications or UI Design between the Service and any other location 
		where you choose to store those items. SAP shall not be liable for the loss of
		any User Content, Third-Party Applications or UI Design.  Any User Content,
		Third-Party Applications and UI Design stored on the Service may be deleted when
		you terminate this Agreement.     
		e) Usage Limitations. Service may be subject to other limitations, such as, for
		example, limits on disk storage space, number of users, or features.  As the
		Service is in beta form, SAP may change the  features of usage limitations from
		time to time at its sole discretion.
   
	3) Use of Service as a Guest Participant
		a) License.  Subject to the terms, conditions and limitations stated in this
		Agreement, SAP grants You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, 
		non-sublicensable, revocable, limited license to: (i) use the Service to view UI
		Designs that You have been invited to view by Account Holders and/or Users; and
		(ii) provide Feedback on UI Designs to Account Holders and/or Users. You are not
		permitted to use the Service for any purpose other than as expressly permitted
		under this Agreement. SAP may audit Your use of the Service.   
		b) Feedback.  You understand that any Feedback that You choose to provide is
		provided on a non-confidential basis and may be used by the Account Holder for any
		purpose, including product development and commercial purposes.  You (i) represent
		that You have all requisite power and authority to provide Your Feedback to an
		Account Holder through the Service and that the provision of such Feedback does
		not violate any legal or contractual obligation by which You are bound, including
		any obligations to Your employer; and (ii) grant the Account Holder a license to
		use Your Feedback for any purpose, including product development and commercial
		purposes. 
		c) Your Responsibilities. You shall (i) be responsible for Your compliance with
		this Agreement, (ii) be solely responsible for the accuracy, quality, integrity
		and legality of Your provision of Feedback, (iii) use commercially reasonable
		efforts to prevent unauthorized access to or use of the Service, and notify Us
		promptly of any such unauthorized access or use, and (iv) use the Service only in
		accordance with applicable laws and government regulations. You shall not (i) use
		the Service to store or transmit infringing, libelous, or otherwise unlawful or
		tortious material, or to store or transmit material in violation of third-party
		privacy or confidentiality rights, (ii) use the Service to store or transmit
		Malicious Code, (iii) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of
		the Service or third-party data contained therein, or (iv) attempt to gain
		unauthorized access to the Service or their related systems or networks. 
		d) Indemnity.  You agree to indemnify SAP, its Affiliates and their respective 
		officers, directors, employees and agents against any claims or disputes with 
		respect to (i) any Feedback you provide, including any claims against SAP by 
		Account Holders and/or Users with respect to any Feedback you provide; (ii) any
		dispute with an Account Holder or User with respect to the Account Holder or
		User's use of your personal information; (iii) any claim that your provision of
		Feedback violates any contractual or intellectual property right of any third
		party; and (iv) your breach of this Agreement. 
		
	4) Third-Party Applications 
		a) Third-Party Applications.  To use the Service, You must have a supported 
		computer device, Web browser and Internet connection; no purchase of any
		other third-party products or services is required to use the Service. Any other
		acquisition by You of third-party products or services,including but not limited
		to Third-Party Applications and implementation, customization and other consulting
		services, and any exchange of data between You and any third-party provider, are
		solely between You and the applicable third-party provider. We do not warrant or
		support third-party products or services. Your use of Third-Party Applications is
		subject to the license terms or terms of use of those Third-Party Applications. If
		You cannot comply with the license terms or terms of use of those Third-Party
		Applications, including, but not limited to all limitations and restrictions
		therein, You may not use the Third-Party Applications in the Service.
		b) Third-Party Applications and Your User Content. If You install or enable
		Third-Party Applications for use with Service, You acknowledge that We may
		allow providers of those Third-Party Applications to access Your User Content
		as required for the interoperation of such Third-Party Applications with the
		Service. We shall not be responsible for any disclosure, modification or deletion
		of Your User Content resulting from any such access by Third-Party Application
		providers. 
		c) Service Features that Integrate with Third-Party Services. The Service may 
		contain features designed to interoperate with third-party services (which may
		include, for example, storage services, integration with mobile devices, 
		collaboration tools or social media services). Such features depend on those
		third-party providers continuing to make their services, including their 
		application programming interfaces ("APIs") where applicable, available for
		the Service. If any of those third-party service providers ceases to make
		its applicable services or APIs available on reasonable terms for the Service,
		We may cease providing the corresponding features.

	5) Proprietary Rights 
		a) Reservation of Rights.  Subject to the limited rights expressly granted 
		hereunder, We reserve all rights, title and interest in and to the Service, 
		including all related intellectual property rights. No rights are granted to
		You hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein.  
		b) Restrictions. You may not: (i) remove or modify any marks or proprietary 
		notices of SAP, (ii) provide or make the Service available to any third party,
		(iii) assign this Agreement or give or transfer the Service or an interest 
		in them to another individual or entity, (iv) decompile, disassemble or reverse
		engineer (except to the extent permitted by applicable law) the Service, (v)
		create derivative works of or based on the Service, (vi) use any SAP name,
		trademark or logo, or (vii) access the Service in order to (A) build a competitive
		product or service, or (B) copy any features, functions or graphics of the
		Service.
		c) Your User Content and UI Designs. You authorize Us to host, copy, transmit, 
		display and adapt Your User Content and UI Designs that You or any User create
		using the Service, solely as necessary for Us to provide the Service in accordance
		with this Agreement. Subject to the above, We acquire no right, title or interest
		from You or Your licensors under this Agreement in or to Your User Content, UI 
		Designs or any program code created by You or by a third party for You, including 
		any intellectual property rights therein. Subject to the limited rights granted by
		You hereunder, We acquire no right, title or interest from You or Your licensors
		under this Agreement in or to Your User Content or UI Designs including any 
		intellectual property rights therein. 
		d) Suggestions.  We shall have a royalty-free, worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual
		license to use or incorporate into the Service and other products or services any
		suggestions, enhancement requests, recommendations or other feedback provided by
		You, including Users, relating to the operation of the Service. 
		e) Competitive Applications.  Subject to Our and Your respective rights and
		obligations under this Agreement, We acknowledge that You may develop and make
		available products and services that are similar to or otherwise compete with Our
		products and services, and You acknowledge that We may develop and make available
		products and services that are similar to or otherwise compete with Your products
		and services.

	6) Privacy 
		Any use of personal information in the Service will be governed by the Privacy
		Statement. 
 
	7) Warranty: The Service is provided to You free of charge.  SAP does not guarantee 
	or warrant any features or qualities of Service or give any undertaking with regard 
	to any other quality, including the loss of any data or content uploaded into or
	created by the Service.  No such warranty or undertaking shall be implied by You 
	from any description in the Service itself or any available documentation or any other
	communication or advertisement for Service. In particular, SAP does not warrant that
	the Service will be available uninterrupted or permanently. All warranty claims are
	subject to the limitation of liability stipulated in Section 8 below.
  
	8) Liability: Irrespective of the legal reasons, SAP and its employees, agents and 
	subcontractors shall only be liable for damages incurred under this Agreement if 
	such damage (i) cannot be waived under applicable law or (ii) is caused by 
	intentional misconduct of SAP or (iii) consists of personal injury. In all other
	cases, neither SAP nor its employees, agents and subcontractors shall be liable 
	for any kind of damage or claims hereunder. You agree that in no event shall the 
	amount of damages sought exceed 50,000 euros. 

	9) Indemnification: SAP will defend at its own expense any legal proceeding brought
	against You, to the extent that such proceeding is based on a claim that the use of
	the Service as permitted under this Agreement represents an infringement or
	misappropriation of a third party's copyright, patent, or a trade secret, and will pay
	all damages and costs awarded by a court of final appeal attributable to such claim;
	provided, however, that You: a)  provide notice of the claim promptly to SAP (but no
	later than one (1) month after You received notice of the claim), b) give SAP sole
	control of the defense and settlement of the claim, provided that You, at Your option
	and expense, may also be represented in the legal proceeding by independent counsel,
	c) provides to SAP, at SAP's expense, all commercially reasonable information,
	assistance and authority to defend such claim and d) have not compromised or settled
	such proceeding without SAP's prior written consent. SAP shall have no liability for
	any infringement or claim that results from the use of the Service provided hereunder
	in combination with any equipment, software or data not provided or approved by SAP.
	This section states the entire liability of SAP with respect to the indemnification
	of any intellectual property right infringement hereunder and there shall be no
	additional liability with respect to any alleged or proven infringement.

	10) Export: The Service is subject to German and EU export control regulations. You
	confirm that You will not use the Service for, and will not allow the Service to be
	used for, any purposes prohibited by German and EU law, including, without limitation,
	for the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear, chemical or
	biological weapons of mass destruction.

	11) Support: SAP does not offer support for the Service other than - at its sole
	discretion - provision of updates, patches, or bug fixes.

	12) Term and Termination: 
		a) An Account Holder may terminate this Agreement by providing notice of
		cancellation to contact.build@sap.com, which shall terminate this Agreement with
		respect to all Users and Guest Participants using such account. SAP may terminate
		this Agreement at any time by providing the Account Holder with notice sent to the
		email account provided by the Account Holder upon registration. The Account Holder
		shall be responsible for keeping the email address current.   
		b) UPON ANY TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, ALL UI DESIGNS, THIRD PARTY
		APPLICATIONS, USER CONTENT AND OTHER MATERIALS HOSTED ON OUR SERVICE WILL BE
		PERMANENTLY LOST. 
		c) Surviving Provisions.  Sections 1, 2(c), 3(d), 5, 6, 8, 9, 12, 13, and 14 shall
		survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
		
	13) Law/Venue: This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
	of the Germany. You and SAP SE agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and
	venue in, the courts of Karlsruhe in Germany in any dispute arising out of or relating
	to this Agreement.
 
	14) Miscellaneous: This Agreement is the complete Agreement for the Service. This
	Agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or representations with
	regards to the subject matter of this Agreement. If any term  of this Agreement is 
	found to be invalid or unenforceable, the surviving provisions shall remain effective.
	SAP 's failure to enforce any right or provisions stipulated in this Agreement will
	not constitute a waiver of such provision, or any other provision of this Agreement.
