						BUILD Privacy Statement
						#######################


The BUILD Privacy Statement (this "Privacy Statement") applies to the use of this website,
https://buildbeta-ac658fc70.dispatcher.hana.ondemand.com/ (the "Website") and any 
other webpages which reference this Privacy Statement (collectively, the "Services"). 
Some SAP entities, programs and/or sites may have their own, possibly different, 
privacy statements. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each of the SAP
websites or program information you visit or review. This Privacy Statement does not 
apply to websites and services that are owned and operated by third parties. 
Capitalized Terms not defined in the Privacy Statement have the meaning ascribed to them
in the Terms of Use.

The Services allows Account Holders to create accounts allowing Users to request feedback
and information from Guest Participants. This Privacy Statement explains how SAP collects
and uses your personal data in its capacity as the provider of the Services, as well as 
when an Account Holder or User represent SAP.

SAP is not responsible for third party Account Holders' or Users' collection and use 
of your personal data through the Service. Please ensure that you read and agree with 
any additional disclosures that Users provide. 

Consent
-------

By consenting to this Privacy Statement, you consent to the collection and use of your
information as described here. If the conditions under which we process your personal data
change, we will post the changes on this site and ask for your consent to the updated
Privacy Statement. All other, non-material, changes to this Privacy Statement will only be
posted to this Website. 

By providing us with any personal data under this Privacy Statement, you consent, agree
and confirm SAP may process any personal data that you provide in connection with the
Services outside the European Economic Area, including within the United States.  Please
note that, although granting any consent is at your sole discretion, if you do not grant
consent, you will not be able to use the Services. 

Information We Collect
----------------------

As you use our Services, we may collect, store, process, export and use the following
types of information about you: 
	* When SAP is acting as a Service Provider: 
		o Personal information you provide in your profile as an Account Holder, User or
		Guest Participant;
		o Personal information (that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you),
		such as within comments or feedback you provide to other Users as a Guest
		participant, but in this case in order to aggregate the information;
		o Through emails sent to us (depending on how your e-mail application is set up,
		information about you may also be transmitted automatically when you send e-mail);
		o Information collected automatically about your device configurations, including 
		operating system, screen  resolution, browser type; location information; and
		session information, including duration of visits, entry/exist points, usage
		frequency. 

	* When SAP is acting through  an SAP User:
		o Personal information you provide in your profile as a Guest Participant;
		o Personal information (that can be used to directly or indirectly identify you),
		such as within comments or feedback to you provide as a Guest Participant via the
		Services;
		o Through emails sent to us (depending on how your e-mail application is set up,
		information about you may also be transmitted automatically when you send e-mail);

We may combine the data you provide us from these various sources to use in accordance
with the section titled "Use and Purposes of Collected Personal Data" or to create
anonymous or aggregate information as detailed in the section titled "Anonymous and
Aggregate Information."

Use and Purpose of Collected Personal Data
------------------------------------------
 
The information SAP collects to understand your needs and interests helps SAP deliver a
consistent and personalized experience. We will use such information only as described in
this Privacy Statement and/or in the way we specify at the time of collection. 

By agreeing to this Privacy Statement, you consent to our using your personal data:
 
When SAP is acting as a Service Provider:
---------------------------------------- 

	* To provide the Services that you have requested;
	* To keep you up to date on changes and updates to the Service;
	* To tailor information about our Services to your individual interests;
	* To provide the ability to create personal profiles and view protected content; 
	e.g. to manage the projects you belongs to
	* To provide the ability to contact you and to provide support or request customer
	feedback;
	* To detect, prevent, or investigate security breaches or fraud;
	* To conduct voluntary questionnaires and surveys in order to provide better Services
	or improve the Services; 
	* To create Anonymous and Aggregate Information
	* To meet contractual obligations; and
	* To maintain appropriate records for internal administrative purposes. 
	  When SAP is acting through a User:
	* To collect the feedback you provide through the Service and contact you for related 
	follow-up questions; and 
	* To create Anonymous and Aggregate Information

Choice and Opt-Out
------------------

We may communicate with users who use our Services for administrative purposes, such as to
confirm your opening of an account and to send notices and other disclosures as required
by law.
 
From time to time, we may also send other non-administrative types of communications such
as surveys, updates or information about events related to the Services. For these
communications, we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not
want to receive these other types of communication from us.

Sharing Your Personal Data
--------------------------

We share your email address within the SAP Group to the extent necessary to accomplish the
purposes of the Service. The SAP Group includes our parent company, SAP SE and its
subsidiaries. We do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties unless you have
granted us separate explicit permission to do so. We may however share information with
third parties in the following circumstances: 

	* When We Work with Service Providers. We may share your information with our service
	providers in order to provide you the Service.
	* When You Give Consent. We may also share information about you with other companies
	if you give us specific permission or direct us to share the information.
	* When the Information Does Not Identify You. We may share aggregate or anonymous
	information in a way that does  not directly identify you as an individual. For more
	information, please see "Anonymous and Aggregate Information".
	* To Respond to Legal Requests, Defend Legal Claims or Conduct Investigations. We may
	respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your personal data
	and other related information, if required. We also may  choose to establish or
	exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may collect and possibly
	share personal data and any other additional information available to us in order to
	investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud,
	situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person,
	violations of SAP's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.

Not Intended For Use by Children Under 13
-----------------------------------------

We do not intend for our websites or online services to be used by anyone under the age of
13. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we may have collected information about a
child, please contact us as described in the section titled "Updating Your Personal Data
and Contacting Us" below.

Anonymous and Aggregate Information
-----------------------------------

We combine your information in a way that does not directly identify you. For example, we
may combine information about you with information about other people and share the
combined information in a way that does not link your information to you. We may also
share your specific comments and feedback in a way that does not personally identify you.
 
California Do Not Track Disclosure
----------------------------------

A Do Not Track (DNT) signal sends information from a browser to a website about a user's
tracking preference. This website does not currently respond to DNT signals, but you can
set your browser to refuse cookies. Please note that if you do so, some functionality of
this website may not be available. This website does not allow third parties to gather
information about you over time and across websites.
 
Links to Other Sites
--------------------

While using the Services, you may be directed to content or functionality that is hosted
by a third-party supplier. When information is collected on behalf of SAP exclusively, the
appropriate SAP entity's privacy statement will be referenced on the site and will govern 
how information is used. Other sites may have their own privacy statements and personal 
data collection, use, and disclosure practices.
 
We strongly advise you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by
these other sites prior to providing them with any information. SAP is not responsible
for the privacy practices or the content of other websites outside the SAP Group of
companies, which may differ from this Privacy Statement. 

Updating Your Personal Data and Contacting Us
---------------------------------------------

You may update or delete the personal information in your profile and any comment sections
by accessing the 'Profile' section of the Service.  If such procedure does not work,
you may at any time request information from SAP about your personal data stored by SAP in
connection with the Services, or request the correction or deletion of such data by
contacting the Webmaster below.

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to
provide you services. In case a deletion of your personal data should not be possible for
legal reasons, SAP will block your personal data against further use until SAP may delete
such personal data. You may at any time revoke the consent granted hereunder with effect
for the future. If you do so, (i) you will not be able to use the Services any longer and
(ii) SAP will delete your personal data stored in connection with the Services.

If you have any other questions about this privacy statement, if you wish to stop
receiving non-administrative emails, or if you wish to inspect or delete the information
we hold about you, please contact:

Webmaster:    mailto:contact.build@sap.com

Please note that if you request that your data be deleted (or request SAP to discontinue
processing such data), further use of certain features of the Website may not be possible.


Revised and posted as of July 17 2015
